Wait, why was she arrested?
She's been accused of murder.
Allegedly, she killed two people from W Company 10 years ago.
10 years ago?
I've seen the records from those people from Company W.
Weren't they killed in an accident?
How does this have to do with my mother?
She was president of the crime.
The two people that died were Caroline's parents.
What?
Where's Caroline?
I can't reach her over the phone.
John, I found something suspicious.
A few days ago, Caroline was seen entering the records room,
alone.
Wait, is she tamper with anything?
Find Caroline at all cost.
Caroline, this time?
I'm going to make sure you disappear from the world forever.
That's for what you did at the cocktail party.
It was you.
Why are you doing this?
To get rid of you, once you're dead, John will be mine forever.
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
You know that evidence you found in the records room?
It was fake.
Since you're going to die anyway, it doesn't really matter
if I tell you.
Rebecca, you shouldn't kill your mother.
She's just a scapegoat.